add tutorial for building your own chatbot (#2144)
opensearch-project/ml-commons: docs/tutorials/agent_framework/build_your_own_chatbot.md

    }
  },
  "memory": {
    "type": "conversation_index"
  },
  "tools": [
    {
      "type": "VectorDBTool",
      "name": "population_data_knowledge_base",
      "description": "This tool provide population data of US cities.",
      "parameters": {
        "input": "${parameters.question}",
        "index": "test_population_data",
        "source_field": [
          "population_description"
        ],
        "model_id": "xkJLyI0Bn3OCesyvf94S",
        "embedding_field": "population_description_embedding",
        "doc_size": 3
      }
    },
    {
      "type": "VectorDBTool",
      "name": "stock_price_data_knowledge_base",
      "description": "This tool provide stock price data.",
      "parameters": {
        "input": "${parameters.question}",
        "index": "test_stock_price_data",
        "source_field": [
          "stock_price_history"
        ],
        "model_id": "xkJLyI0Bn3OCesyvf94S",
        "embedding_field": "stock_price_history_embedding",
        "doc_size": 3
      }
    }
  ]
}
```

> Test with

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Test by running the agent:
```

    "question": "What's the stock price increase of Amazon from May 2023 to Feb 2023?",
    "verbose": true
  }
}
```

#### Example2: OpenAI model with custom prompt

Create connector for openAI "gpt-3.5-turbo" model

```
POST _plugins/_ml/connectors/_create
{
  "name": "My openai connector: gpt-3.5-turbo",
  "description": "The connector to openai chat model",
  "version": 1,
  "protocol": "http",
  "parameters": {
    "model": "gpt-3.5-turbo",
    "response_filter": "$.choices[0].message.content",
    "stop": ["\n\nHuman:","\nObservation:","\n\tObservation:","\n\tObservation","\n\nQuestion"],
    "system_instruction": "You are an Assistant which can answer kinds of questions."
  },
  "credential": {
    "openAI_key": "your_openAI_key"
  },
  "actions": [
    {
      "action_type": "predict",
      "method": "POST",
      "url": "https://api.openai.com/v1/chat/completions",
      "headers": {
        "Authorization": "Bearer ${credential.openAI_key}"
      },
      "request_body": "{ \"model\": \"${parameters.model}\", \"messages\": [{\"role\":\"system\",\"content\":\"${parameters.system_instruction}\"},{\"role\":\"user\",\"content\":\"${parameters.prompt}\"}] }"
    }
  ]
}
```

> Create model with connector id in response:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Create a model using the connector ID from the response:
```

```
POST /_plugins/_ml/models/_register?deploy=true
{
    "name": "My OpenAI model",
    "function_name": "remote",
    "description": "test model",
    "connector_id": "your_connector_id"
}
```
Note model id, test with predict API:
```
POST /_plugins/_ml/models/your_openai_model_id/_predict
{
  "parameters": {
    "system_instruction": "You are an Assistant which can answer kinds of questions.",
    "prompt": "hello"
  }
}
```

> Create Agent with custom `system_instruction` and `prompt`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Create an agent with custom `system_instruction` and `prompt`.
```

> `prompt` includes these placeholders (read more details in step 4.1): `tool_descriptions`, `chat_history`, `format_instruction`, `question` and `scratchpad`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `prompt` includes the following placeholders (for more information, see step 4.1): `tool_descriptions`, `chat_history`, `format_instruction`, `question`, and `scratchpad`.
```

      "disable_trace": true
    }
  },
  "memory": {
    "type": "conversation_index"
  },
  "tools": [
    {
      "type": "VectorDBTool",
      "name": "population_data_knowledge_base",
      "description": "This tool provide population data of US cities.",
      "parameters": {
        "input": "${parameters.question}",
        "index": "test_population_data",
        "source_field": [
          "population_description"
        ],
        "model_id": "your_embedding_model_id_from_step1",
        "embedding_field": "population_description_embedding",
        "doc_size": 3
      }
    },
    {
      "type": "VectorDBTool",
      "name": "stock_price_data_knowledge_base",
      "description": "This tool provide stock price data.",
      "parameters": {
        "input": "${parameters.question}",
        "index": "test_stock_price_data",
        "source_field": [
          "stock_price_history"
        ],
        "model_id": "your_embedding_model_id_from_step1",
        "embedding_field": "stock_price_history_embedding",
        "doc_size": 3
      }
    }
  ]
}
```

> Note agent id from response, execute agent to test:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note the agent ID from the response and test the model by running the agent:
```

```
POST _plugins/_ml/agents/your_agent_id/_execute
{
  "parameters": {
    "question": "What's the stock price increase of Amazon from May 2023 to Feb 2023?",
    "verbose": true
  }
}
```

Test with running two tools
```
POST _plugins/_ml/agents/your_agent_id/_execute
{
  "parameters": {
    "question": "What's the population increase of Seattle from 2021 to 2023? Then check what's the stock price increase of Amazon from May 2023 to Feb 2023?",
    "verbose": true
  }
}
```

> Response shows agent runs `population_data_knowledge_base` and `stock_price_data_knowledge_base` tools:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The response shows that the agent runs both `population_data_knowledge_base` and `stock_price_data_knowledge_base` tools:
```

"""
        },
        {
          "name": "response",
          "result": "The population increase of Seattle from 2021 to 2023 is 0.86%. The stock price increase of Amazon from May 2023 to Feb 2023 is from $120.58 to $174.45, which is a percentage increase."
        }
      ]
    }
  ]
}
```

## 5. Configure root chatbot in OpenSearch Dashboard

Read this [document](https://opensearch.org/docs/latest/ml-commons-plugin/opensearch-assistant/) for more details. 

OpenSearch 2.12 released experimental Chabot UI on OpenSearch Dashboard. To use it, you need to configure a root Chatbot agent first.

> A root chatbot agent consists of

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A root chatbot agent consists of the following parts:
```

      },
      "include_output_in_agent_response": true
    }
  ],
  "memory": {
    "type": "conversation_index"
  }
}
```
Note the root chatbot agent id, then login your OpenSearch server, go to OpenSearch config folder `$OS_HOME/config` and run this
```
 curl -k --cert ./kirk.pem --key ./kirk-key.pem -X PUT https://localhost:9200/.plugins-ml-config/_doc/os_chat -H 'Content-Type: application/json' -d'
 {
   "type":"os_chat_root_agent",
   "configuration":{
     "agent_id": "your_root_chatbot_agent_id"
   }
 }'
```

> Go to your OpenSearch Dashboard config folder, `$OSD_HOME/config`, edit `opensearch_dashboards.yml` by adding this line to the end `assistant.chat.enabled: true`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Go to your OpenSearch Dashboards config folder, `$OSD_HOME/config`, edit `opensearch_dashboards.yml` by adding the following line to the end: `assistant.chat.enabled: true`.
```

> Restart OpenSearch Dashboard, click the chat icon

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Restart OpenSearch Dashboards, then select the chat icon, as shown in the following image.
```

![Alt text](images/chatbot/osd_chatbot_1.png)

> Then chat on OpenSearch Dashboard

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can now chat in OpenSearch Dashboards, as shown in the following image.
```
